hello this is Irv in this video I will
show you how to register a new patient
on your video screen you'll see the
start up screen for Doc Pro for Windows
please be sure your screen is in full
screen mode by clicking the full screen
icon at the bottom right of the video
player also for full screen viewing you
should set the quality to 720 HD by
clicking on the little gear at the
bottom right it may take many seconds
before the quality improves after you
change it please watch the overview
tutorial
excuse me before this one now either
click on button 1 or press the 1 on your
keyboard I'll click on button 1 now come
down and find the add patient button and
either click on that or press the a key
we'll just click go ahead and you'll
probably be registering your patient and
and from a forum that you've had the
patient fill out a patient registration
form which is what most offices of
course do so we'll just make this up as
we go along let's put in a patient put
in the first name and the middle initial
now you'll notice that it has set the
account to keer which is the first three
letters of the last name and then it
just increments up with with this number
your system can be set to put zeros in
the front or some other number or the
patient's letters any one of those you
can also have manual entry it can be set
to do that in which case it would not be
automatic now if you're happy with that
you keep it and now it just goes up to
the patient screen I'm just going to hit
the enter key to move forward I could
use the tab key if I'm more used to that
but I like to use the enter key which
does work on doc pro
under date of birth if I press ENTER and
I don't put anything in there it's going
to come up and tell me it's required so
I have to put something so we'll put in
January fifteenth nineteen let's put
forty-nine how's that and except I put
it in wrong 115 1 9 49 how's that sex
can be male of course but always on
these fields there's always a little
pull down so you can always find out
what the possible choices are our system
these are the types let's just say he's
going to be a Medicare will double click
that and bring it in the case
description can be you know just
something about the patient we could
just say I fall on ice just for the fun
of it and it's limited to maybe 10
characters there Social Security is
optional we won't worry about it if you
have multiple providers you can put in
the provider that he normally sees if
the patients over 18 years old yeah it's
going to plug the patient in for
guardian and plug in self marital status
really isn't needed but there if you put
it in there it will show on the hicfa
form so it's up to you put in a street
address
and address line 2 if you need it we'll
put them into Boston put a state and
just whatever is if you want to put in 1
2 3 4 5 his phone now if you have his
phone you could just put in 6 1 7 1 2 3
4 5 6 7 and it's going to format it you
on the NIST phone over here you could
put a cell in if you wanted his email
you know John at you know Washington
whatever now he's referred by well of
course you know he will put it will say
Hillary referred him and his
registration date will be today last
visit the last visit will fill in when
he comes in
visit Connor will fill in when he comes
in employment school those are on the
hikmah form if you want them filled out
you put them in if you don't you don't
put them in special coats can be used
later there you your dealer will tell
you if you need to put something in
there special but for now we won't be
using it and all we have to do is pay
for keep do it'll say do you want to
count it as a new patient say yeah so
it'll go into the statistics do you want
to add an insurance plan yes let's add
insurance so we'll press now we'll come
into our insurance screen and all we
have to do is press the a key to go into
ad mode we want to see if there's a
Medicare plan in there since there's not
I'm just going to plug in a Medicaid
plan and say it's primary and he owns it
himself and you need a subscriber ID and
there's no group the coverage begins it
ends and any special notes it will track
how much is paid year-to-date
it'll also you can put on how many
visits are allowed and then it will
track them you can even you could put in
as deductible and just say it's a you
know let's just say a hundred dollars
his copay let's say is 15
and now we'll keep that now we edited
that do you want to put in a chart
screen we'll say yes so we'll add the
chart that's the insurance screen from
the old Doc Pro it will count visits
this chart will start today signatures
on file these normally are yes yes both
and yes type of accident if there is one
then we'll have to fill that out if
there's a referring physician we can put
that in we'll say John Kildare refer
them again special codes have to do with
how insurance is built so we normally
don't fill that in unless your dealer
tells you so prior authorization you
fill that in if you want it on the form
first symptom or onset is box 14 on the
form and you if you need it such as
initial treatment or something like that
or last doctor last seen that should
always be right there
so say his initial treatment was oh 1 15
and 2005 these other ones like initial
treatment here is it's good to fill in
but it won't print on the form it it you
really need to put it under the first
symptom because that's where box 14 gets
filled in your hospital dates and so on
if needed fill those in okay so now we
basically have entered the patient from
here you could go over to the ledger by
pressing - and then you could put a
charge in will put a quick brief exam in
now at this point notice there's no
diagnosis in there
and it's complaining so what I'm going
to do and going to take my mouse I'm
going to hit enter come down here and we
just have a couple things we'll plug in
a diagnosis and now when I hit enter his
diagnosis will go in so now he has a
diagnosis so now you have a new patient
registered and he has a new charge and
that's how to register a patient that's
it for this video thank you and have a
great day